Context Clearing (#1379)
finos/FDC3: docs/api/ref/Channel.md

  broadcast(context: Context): Promise<void>;
  getCurrentContext(contextType?: string): Promise<Context|null>;
  addContextListener(contextType: string | null, handler: ContextHandler): Promise<Listener>;

>   clearContext(contextType?: string): Promise<void>;

Reviewer: I'm wondering if we should require an explicit null argument (`contextType: string | null`) to clear all types - which would match `addContectListener` or stick with this (matching `getCurrentContext`). Either works of course.

Author: To me it makes sense to keep it closer to getCurrentContext, because they seem most related to me, but happy to hear any thoughts/suggestions.

Reviewer: There is a historical reason for addCOntextListener having an explicit null argument, the type argument was originally optional so the `handler` argument could be either first or second (when a type was specified). This was good in practice so we moved to an explicit `null` argument and deprecated the single argument override:
https://fdc3.finos.org/docs/2.0/api/ref/DesktopAgent#addcontextlistener-deprecated

We don't have that problem here, so I agree its fine as is (matching `getCurrentContext`).

- [`broadcast`](#broadcast)
- [`addContextListener`](#addcontextlistener)

### `clearContext`

<Tabs groupId="lang">
<TabItem value="ts" label="TypeScript/JavaScript">

```ts
public clearContext(contextType?: string): Promise<void>;
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="dotnet" label=".NET">

```csharp
Task ClearContext(string? contextType);
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> Used to clear the specified context type if provided, otherwise, clear all contexts. Desktop Agent MUST update internal context. Any future calls to [`getCurrentContext`](#getcurrentcontext) and any new joiners on that channel (through [`joinUserChannel`](DesktopAgent#joinUserChannel) or [`addContextListener`](DesktopAgent#addContextListener)) will not receive anything for specified context type or all contexts accordingly. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Used to clear the specified context type if provided, otherwise, clear all context types present in the channel. The Desktop Agent MUST update its internal representation of the context in the channel and ensure that subsequent calls to [`getCurrentContext`](#getcurrentcontext) and any new joiners to that channel (through [`joinUserChannel`](DesktopAgent#joinUserChannel) or [`addContextListener`](DesktopAgent#addContextListener)) will not receive anything for either specified context types or the most recent context until new context has been broadcast to the channel. 
```

> Desktop Agent MUST update all channel listeners subscribed to the  [`fdc3.nothing`](../../context/ref/Nothing.md/#nothing) type. If `contextType` is provided, then `subType` will be specified, otherwise, it is ommitted. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Desktop Agents MUST also immediately broadcast the  [`fdc3.nothing`](../../context/ref/Nothing.md/#nothing) type, which applications may listen to to be notified of the cleared context. If a `contextType` was provided, then the `subType` field will be be set to that type, otherwise, it is omitted. 
```

Author: Question, Kris, should I change "Desktop Agent" to "Desktop Agents" everywhere in my descriptions?
